- include xposed installer, check if installed -> /system/bin/app_process --xposedversion

- beats toggle
- torch toggle
- prism bg, blinkfeed, folders transparent
- back button kill,crt off animation,volume button controls for skipping tracks
- status bar data meter: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=44935359#post44935359
- side way scrolling (Loads of work. probably not feasable...)
- 4x2 widget bg (Needs way more replacements than I thought. Probably not ganna happen soon.)
- auto brightness
- ATT TMoUS Data Icon remove (Has more implications. Waiting till more people request it.)
- Higher grid size in sense launcher (Already looked into this. needs many dimens.xml changes)
- Limit number of loaded SMS in stock SMS app. One user said he has 10k SMS and it makes his phone slow... wtf?
- "is it possible to get Always extended lockscreen widget like there is in Orio Rom?"
- Soft reboot icon still seems to be confusing. Maybe another icon, or a dialog to confirm?
- Other apps in HTC lock screen notifications
- HDMI output with screen off (Don't have such an adapter...)
- CM brightness bar mod. MOAR touch interceptors :D
- Day of week next to clock (isn't the status bar crowded enough?
- More homescreens. (Have some code for it lying around)
- Change position of volume slider to make it go out of view while watching videos.

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2243705&highlight=prism+trans

2.1:
Swipes are now a bit more sensetive.
Fixed the flashing "more notifications" icon in most places. It still may happen when you come from camera app. Just wait until it updates...
Fixed Xposed installation warning message count.
APM is now in true sense style! Credits for the icons go to @Dunc001 and @LeSScro. Thanks for letting us use your icons!
Added options for long press back.
Added custom app launch for swipe up/down gestures and long press back.
Added settings toggles for the gestures and long press back.
Added mod to make messaging app use toast instead of notifications for delivery reports.
Added mod to override "Swipe up from home button for Google Now". It can do the same like the other gesture mods.
Added mod to hide the MTP notification by making MTP a background service instead of a foreground service.
Added Vol2Wake. Works in deep sleep. Needs root and a full reboot to be applied!
Added brightness slider for notifications panel
Added CleanBeam GPS, BT and data icons.

2.0: (Yes, that completely new look is a major release :D)
Total UI overhaul.
The Toolbox is now accessible through the phone settings.
Landscape orientation is now possible.
Added "About" screen.
Wallpaper is not removed when in appdrawer and dock is transparent, prevents dock black background.
Center clock is now really in the center.
Notification icons will now only go up until they reach the center clock. This is instant for notification icons a may be a bit delayed for the right hand icons.
Added option to remove status bar clock.
Added option to hide AM and PM.
You need to re-set your desired clock style, cause of the added options!
Added check if xposed is actually installed. Maybe this will reduce the amount of questions a bit ;)
Added mod that allows to assign different options to swipe up/down gestures on Sense launcher home screens. Currently included: Pull down notifications, EQS and lock device. Device lock needs a device admin to be activated.
Added option to lower the font size in app drawer. Useful if you use higher grid values. (Enabled by default)
Horizontal EQS are now showing all the EQS tiles. You can scroll them. It shows 5 at once.
Added option to remove text from horizontal EQS.

1.7:
New icon! Thx @vomer!
You can now navigate back out of the sub-screens with the top left icon.
Added Pinch and/or swipe down to close all recent apps in Sense recent apps screen.
Added center clock mod.
Added infinite home screen scrolling in Sense launcher. Thanks @Onepagebook for the smali hack that pointed me to the correct method.
Added Remove clock/weather widget from app drawer
Added New grid sizes in app drawer - This is active automatically! Set up the desired size in App drawer.
Added Disable EQS and restore settings button
Added Folders transparency setting. This includes open folders and their icons. Sometimes needs a FULL reboot to work.
Added sound profile icons and exchanged headphone icons. Thanks to @vomer.
Added Russian and German translations.

1.6.1:
Fixed SunBeam install procedure
Fixed status bar background image. No more dissortion now.

1.6:
Changed layout of the mods settings page. It got a bit cluttered with the number of mods there :D
Changed theme to have a dark action bar. Looks more Sense-ish :D
Fixed a bug in EQS Reorder where a removed tile couldn't be added back immediately afterwards.
Fix for 100% transparency settings on status bar and dock.
Added transparency setting for app drawer. Huge thanks to @Mikanoshi, who shared his code with me.
Added option to remove BlinkFeed. Note that this will only work on Android 4.3 builds!
Added CleanBean mods by @vomer. Each mod can be selected individually. You may need to re-set your battery icon. Make sure to head to his post and hit "Thanks" there: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=45123557&postcount=44952

1.5.1: 1110
Transparent status bar fix. This will now allow true 0-100% transparency setting for Sense launcher!

1.5: 98
Fixed cause for possible FC on start.
Changed status bar trasparency approch. This should make it work for thos who had problems before.
Added transparency setting for notification drawer background.
Added option to disable forced SMS to MMS conversion. Network restrictions still apply!
Added AOSP style recent apps menu.

1.4: 1117
Unified app for One, One X and One X+ - Now called Sense 5 Toolbox!
Added transparency for the standard HTC clock + weather widget
	Sorry, but this is the last transparency mod I'm going to add. 
	Other mods like blinkfeed or app drawer background seem to use a Prism.apk from another device. 
	Replicating that in xposed would be a huge overhead IMHO. 
	Maybe some other dev can point me in the right direction...
Added 'Screen on on received SMS' mod.
Added possibility to remove folder limit (Was 16 apps per folder)
Added option to disable the sound that plays on volume change by buttons

1.3: 440
Added One X 4.2.2 compatibility.
Fixed transparency settings for a 0 value.

1.2: 321
Added horizontal EQS. The First 5 of your normal EQS will be used there.
Added options to set custom transparency values for: Status bar, Prism dock background.
Fixed transparent Statusbar in combination with battery icon.
Complete change of the Xposed module hook structure for easier addition of new mods. Also lower overhead.

1.1: 296
Updated support post link.
Added more info about APM.
Add version string to the bottom title and support entry.
Disable EQS feautre if root is not available. Xposed Mods still work.
Delete tmp.xml directly after use. No need to keep it.
Removed some unneded logging stuff.
Added "Force focus, then shutter" option to the camera mod.
Added transparent status bar.
Added 'Keep screen on' option in display and dev settings.
Added transparent Sense launcher dock. This has a delay, which can't be fixed for now, sorry. It's the same on a native mod.